Move master database from one drive to anOther in Sql Server
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oC3n2xRqmNY

Move DataBase from one pc to anOther pc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6cOBg9hLIY

LogIn and SignUp Using .Net6 and Angular
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApSERLzbA9g&list=PLc2Ziv7051bZhBeJlJaqq5lrQuVmBJL6A&index=4

for Programing language concepts
https://www.youtube.com/@ShivaConceptSolution

Creating the master page in mvc .Net
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AhzuHZCmqag&list=PLIY8eNdw5tW_ZQawyxK0Dd1cZXwcNFWn8&index=4

Conversion between IEnumerable to IList (Dapper return result)
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21646674/conversion-between-ienumerable-to-ilist-dapper-return-result

Angular 15 Library Management System from Scratch (2023) | ASP.NET Core 6 | Dapper (JWT ToKen)(Corss Origion)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mh_pnH0x_fI

//Best for Asp .Net C# (Channel Name "dotnet")
ActionResults Methods:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUfMfx5SqvA

// Passing Parameter to ActionMethods ( kudvenkat )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OX69gRT7azs

diff b/w ActionResult and IActionResult Methods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGh3zngbW_c

good for Using StoreProcedures in Asp.net c#
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqUpGo8KwDA

// search keyWord for Action Method (yt link)
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=make+asp+.net+backend+method+with+actionResults+not+IActionResults

//Search KeyWord for StoreProcedure with dapper
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=how+to+make+storedprocedure+enum+to+execute+with+dapper+in+asp.net

// some playlist
https://www.youtube.com/@Csharp-video-tutorialsBlogspot

// yt search keyword for moving sql server dbs from c to
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=how+to+change+the+location+of+sql+server+database+from+to+c+to+any+other+drive


// some dapper packages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0zkkoL8eNs

//enums
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eV3WQxvKk0g

//Authenticationi and Authorization in asp.net
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApSERLzbA9g&list=PLc2Ziv7051bZhBeJlJaqq5lrQuVmBJL6A&index=5

//dapper by junai shahid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=teATIDzpZZk

//library Management system(cors error)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mh_pnH0x_fI

//Learn FULL STACK Web Development in 2 HOURS! ASP.NET & Angular
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXYLTTPM5x4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXYLTTPM5x4

to generate model
ng generate class models/User